Publish assoc w/ filter: remove beta (#962)
cap-js/docs: cds/cdl.md

};
```

Publishing a __composition__ with a filter is similar, with an important difference:
it must not be used to modify the target entity in a deep Update, Insert, or Delete statement.

> Thus the type of the resulting element is set to `cds.Association`. In OData draft, it behaves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus the type of the resulting element is set to `cds.Association`. 

In [SAP Fiori Draft](../advanced/fiori#draft-support), it behaves
```

( Draft is a Fiori concept. OData has no concept for drafts. )

like an "enclosed" association, i.e. it points to the target draft entity.

In the following example, `singleItem` has type `cds.Association`.
In OData draft, navigating along `singleItems` doesn't leave the draft tree.

```cds

> entity P_orders as projection on Orders {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@fiori.draft.enabled
entity P_orders as projection on Orders {
```

( Or `@odata.draft.enabled` ? )
